[MI-3823]: Added the test cases for linking and unlinking channel on MM. (#23)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/ui-integration/Error_in_linking.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Error while linking a channel on MM"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: ui-integration
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Any error occured while linking a channel from RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Any error occurred while linking a channel from the RHS of the MS Teams sync plugin on MM.
```

Reviewer: fix everywhere

**Step 2**

1. Any error occured while linking a channel from RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.
2. Click on `Try Again` button in the `Unable to link channels` dialog.

**Step 3**

1. Any error occured while linking a channel from RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.
2. Click on `Cancel` or `x` button in the `Unable to link channels` dialog.

**Step 4**

1. Link the channel on MM to channel on MS Teams using slash command `/msteams-sync connect`.
2. Click on the MS Teams sync icon in App bar or channel header and open the RHS.

> 3. Click on link a channel and link the previously linked channel.

Reviewer: Can we combine these steps to write something like `Link an already linked channel on MM using the MS Teams sync plugin RHS`?

**Expected**

> The `Unable to link channels` modal should open on MM.

Reviewer: modal or dialog? fix everywhere

> After step 2, `Link a channel` modal should again open on MM.

Reviewer: The values also get prefilled with the last values. Please update the result.

> After step 3, the linking should abort and the `Unable to link channels` dialog should close and the RHS of MS Teams sync plugin should persist it's state.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to write `the linking should abort`.

> After step 4, The `Unable to link channels` dialog should open on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After step 4, the `Unable to link channels` dialog should open on MM.
```
